docs: make the aggregate functions docs less verbose (#3913)
PostgREST/postgrest: docs/references/api/aggregate_functions.rst

    }
  ]

You can ``select`` multiple aggregate functions at the same time (you may need to :ref:`rename them <renaming_columns>` to disambiguate).

.. code-block:: bash

  curl "http://localhost:3000/orders?select=total_amount:amount.sum(),avg_amount:amount.avg(),total_quantity:quantity.sum()"

> To group by other columns, add them to the ``select`` parameter. For instance:

Reviewer: This is an important feature.. perhaps we need a section called "automatic group by"?

    }
  ]

You can ``select`` multiple aggregate functions at the same time (you may need to :ref:`rename them <renaming_columns>` to disambiguate).

.. code-block:: bash

  curl "http://localhost:3000/orders?select=total_amount:amount.sum(),avg_amount:amount.avg(),total_quantity:quantity.sum()"

.. note::
  Aggregate functions work alongside other PostgREST features, like :ref:`h_filter`, :ref:`json_columns`, and :ref:`ordering`.
  However they are not compatible with :ref:`domain_reps` for the moment.
  Additionally, PostgreSQL's ``HAVING`` clause and ordering by aggregated columns are not yet supported.

Automatic ``GROUP BY``
======================

> To automatically group by other columns, add them to the ``select`` parameter. For instance:

Reviewer: This is a bit redundant with the subheading. Needs elaborating.. like "postgrest doesnt require a gropu by clause.. it will automatically.."

  While this is still supported, it may be deprecated in the future, and thus use of this legacy feature is **not recommended**.
  Please use ``count()`` (with parentheses) instead.

The ``count()`` aggregate can be used with or without an associated column. For example:

.. code-block:: bash

  curl "http://localhost:3000/orders?select=count(),observation_count:observation.count(),order_date"

.. code-block:: json

  [
    {
      "count": 4,
      "observation_count": 2,
      "order_date": "2023-01-01"
    },
    {
      "count": 2,
      "observation_count": 1,
      "order_date": "2023-01-02"
    }
  ]

Note that there is a difference between the result of ``count()`` and ``observation.count()``.
The former counts the whole row, while the latter counts the non ``NULL`` values of the ``observation`` column (both grouped by ``order_date``).
This is due to how PostgreSQL itself implements the ``count()`` function.

Casting Aggregates
==================

It is :ref:`possible to cast <casting_columns>` the associated column of an aggregate or the aggregate function itself, or both at the same time.

> Casting the Associated Column

Author: Agree, I changed all mentions of "associated column" to "aggregated column".

    }
  ]

The ``count()`` Aggregate
=========================

.. note::
  Before the addition of aggregate functions, it was possible to count by adding ``count`` (without parentheses) to the ``select`` parameter.
  While this is still supported, it may be deprecated in the future, and thus use of this legacy feature is **not recommended**.
  Please use ``count()`` (with parentheses) instead.

> The ``count()`` aggregate can be used with or without an aggregated column. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``count()`` is a special case because it can be used with or without an aggregated column. For example:
```

    }
  ]

> Casting the Aggregate Function

Reviewer: Would it work shorter?
```suggestion
Casting the Aggregate
```

------------------------------

> For instance, if we wanted to round the average of the ``amount`` column, we could do so by casting the ``avg()`` aggregate function to an ``int`` type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, if we wanted to round the average of the ``amount`` column, we could do so by casting  ``avg()`` to an ``int``:
```

    }
  ]

The previous example uses a "to-one" relationship, but this can be done on "to-many" relationships as well (although there are few obvious use cases).

This also works in a similar way for :ref:`spread embedded resources <spread_embed>`.

> For example, ``select=amount.sum(),...customers(name)`` would sum the ``amount`` grouped by the ``name`` column.

Author: I think the whole "Grouping with Columns from a Spreaded Resource" can be summarized under this section, since it behaves in a similar way to the non-spread counterpart.

Reviewer: Sounds good. The above was a really long subheading.

    }
  ]

Note that the aggregate is done within the embedded resource ``orders``.
It is not affected by any of the columns from the top-level relationship ``customers``.

> Using Aggregates Inside Spread Embedded Resources

Reviewer: Shorter, I think it works.
```suggestion
Using Aggregates in Spreads
```
